# Example Porter Bundles

This repository contains example bundles that demonstrate various useful bundle tricks.

* [Contribute an Example](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
* [Try out Porter with an example](#try)
* [Learn how to use Porter with an example](#learn)

## Try

These are bundles that are intended for you to use to try out Porter and actually install an application.

* [Azure Key Vault](/azure-keyvault/)
* [Jaeger with Open Telemetry](/otel-jaeger/)

## Learn

These are bundles that pure examples, demonstrating a technique about how to write a bundle.
They aren't intended to be used to install an application (see above).

* [Airgap](/airgap/) demonstrates how to write a bundle that can be installed in an airgapped or isolated network.
* [AKS Spring Music](/aks-spring-music/) demonstrates how to use multiple mixins together in bundle.
* [Azure Terraform](/azure-terraform/) demonstrates how to use Terraform in a bundle and persist Terraform's state in Azure Blob Storage.
* [Azure Wordpres](/azure-wordpress/) demonstrates how to deploy Wordpress to Azure using the arm mixin.
* [Credentials Tutorial](/credentials-tutorial/) is the source code for the [Credentials QuickStart](https://getporter.org/quickstart/credentials).
* [Docker](/docker/) demonstrates how to use Docker from inside a bundle.
* [Docker App](/dockerapp/) demonstrates how to convert from a Docker App to a Porter bundle with Docker Compose.
* [Exec Mixin Outputs](/exec-outputs) demonstrates how to save outputs generated by the exec mixin.
* [GKE](/gke-example/) demonstrates how to use GKE cluster credentials with a bundle.
* [Hello](/hello/) is a hello world bundle for trying out Porter.
* [Kubernetes](/kubernetes/) demonstrates how to use a Kubernetes kubeconfig with a bundle.
* [Plugings Tutorial](/plugins-tutorial/) is the source code for the [Plugins Tutorial](https://getporter.org/plugins/tutorial/).
* [Service Fabric](/service-fabric-cli/) demonstrates how to install a tool into a bundle when there isn't a custom mixin available.
